about the drug and bomb detection
training what we're doing here today is
the care method its dog training
techniques of had some inherent problems
of the dog hitting on the wrong oh I
also had problems with
the police officer pointed a couple of
dollars in when it's familiar with bonds
and clever horse story will tell you
that cameras can accidentally help their
dogs by descent
so this technique here is designed to do
a couple of things it's a drive building
technique it pulls off the dog's natural
instincts to fight the prey not just the
find it but to have fight and it can
take dogs really built some strong Drive
take to teach them to be very
discriminating about what orders they
hit it's very common to use a tennis
ball or this type of training
but once again one of the big problems
was dogs wanting to find tennis balls
not target over so this technique really
helps dogs start to make a distinction
between target odor and a tennis ball
that will bring more advanced dogs up
here a little bit later but this is us
yeah this is a young dog he really is
just going out and you know first thing
you want to see it's just as a stock cab
in the interests of the tennis ball even
though there's a lot of distractions in
here this is a new environment never
been here before
and she handled social distractions and
is definitely interested in the ball
okay young show line German Shepherd
under a year of age it definitely has
plenty of prey drive and once that ball
exposure you know to the environment
here see you know how enter if she is
and grabbing that ball and she's
obviously very interested grabbing it
ball holding on good pull her back
guys take it back from her and pull it
up here
different boxes here
right